This assignment is designed to give you experience developing code without having access to all of that code’s dependencies. You will be developing half of the application-specific code for your project 1 this week (either the frontend or backend), and you will have your first chance to meet the other members of your project 1 team: all of whom are assigned to build either the frontend or backend of the same project as you.

An indie (independent) development team has decided they want a worldwide leaderboard for their roguelike game Dungeon Drifters. Roguelikes are games where players move through a series of procedurally generated levels and all progress is lost when the player dies. Players can manually submit their final progress to the leaderboard and check the current top records. Based on the leaderboard, the development team wants to award monthly prizes to encourage engagement. Due to this, they anticipate that some players might attempt to cheat in some way. If this becomes an issue, it could ruin their reputation and ultimately their business. The developers are busy creating their next game, so they have entrusted your team to create this application. The application will be making use of the BST that you are developing as part of project 1.

Since the backend developer does not yet have access to a working IterableRedBlackTree, they will instead be making use of a Tree_Placeholder for this week’s assignment.

The backend developer’s job is to create a new public class named Backend that implements the provided BackendInterface and provides the functionality described within the comments provided with that interface. While you’re working on your code, keep in mind that users are going to attack the application. Reviewing the security of each implementation will be part of the code review assignment of project 1.
